Knowledge Check
------------
#### Q1. Drag and drop the three core capabilities of SASE.

**SASE capability**
- Data loss prevention
- Next generation firewall
- Zero trust network access

**Not a SASE capability**
- Threat intelligence sharing
- Security Fabric management

SASE - Quiz
------------

#### Q1. Which statement is true regarding how SASE is delivered?

Select one:
- [x] SASE is delivered using a combination of cloud-based services and optional physical on premise devices
- [ ] SASE must be delivered using a combination of physical on premise devices and cloud-based services
- [ ] SASE is delivered only to remote users, and not to branch offices
- [ ] SASE must be delivered using cloud-based services only


#### Q2. What is a result of outdated network security solutions requiring all traffic running through the core data center for inspection?

Select one:
- [ ] Higher capital expenditure
- [ ] Increased deployment time
- [ ] Decreased time for event analysis and remediation
- [x] Latency


#### Q3. What are three core capabilities of SASE? (Choose three)

Select one or more:
- [x] Data loss prevention
- [x] Zero-Trust network access
- [x] Next-Generation firewall
- [ ] Threat intelligence sharing
- [ ] Security Fabric management


#### Q4. What is the goal of SASE?

Select one:
- [ ] Provide management and deployment of security devices and cloud security services for organizations
- [ ] Provide threat intelligence updates to protect organizations from malicious and sophisticated cyber-attacks
- [x] Support the dynamic, secure access needs of today’s organizations by extending enterprise-grade security and networking regardless of location
- [ ] Provide real-time analysis of security alerts generated by applications and network hardware


#### Q5. What does the term “Thin Edge” refer to?

Select one:
- [ ] An organization that consumes little to no cloud-based services
- [ ] Remote users
- [x] Branch locations with minimal security that are attached to a core network
- [ ] A poorly protected network


#### Q6. What are two benefits of SASE? (Choose two)

Select one or more:
- [x] Optimized paths for all users to all clouds to improve performance and agility
- [ ] Limits the number of remote off network users connecting to cloud-based applications
- [x] Consistent security for mobile workforces
- [ ] Shift from operating expense to capital expense
- [ ] Limits “Bring-Your-Own-Device” behavior in the organization


#### Q7. What behavior has impacted how users access corporate information, and thus requirements for network security?

Select one:
- [ ] Users upgrading software to obtain current features, bug fixes and security patches
- [ ] Users having multiple email accounts
- [ ] Users having different login credentials to access different systems
- [x] Users accessing enterprise systems through personal devices that are not part of the enterprise infrastructure


#### Q8. For network security, which three challenges have emerged as a result of rapid and disruptive digital innovation? (Choose three)

Select one or more:
- [ ] Too few security vendors to choose from
- [x] Expanding attack surface
- [ ] Resistance to multi-cloud adoption from the enterprise
- [x] Growing number of off-network users accessing the central data center, without proper security
- [x] Evolving compliance requirements


#### Q9. Which two cloud capabilities are combined to deliver SASE? (Choose two)

Select one or more:
- [ ] Database-as-a-Service
- [x] Security-as-a-Service
- [x] Network-as-a-Service
- [ ] API-as-a-Service


#### Q10. What behavior has impacted how users access corporate information, and thus requirements for network security?

Select one:
- [ ] Users having multiple email accounts
- [ ] Users having different login credentials to access different systems
- [ ] Users upgrading software to obtain current features, bug fixes and security patches
- [x] Users accessing enterprise systems through personal devices that are not part of the enterprise infrastructure *



